c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\obj\Debug\DevCamp.g.resources
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\DevCamp.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\DevCamp.pdb
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\DevCamp.xap
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\DevCampTestPage.html
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\obj\Debug\DevCamp.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\obj\Debug\DevCamp.pdb
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\me\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\obj\Debug\QuestionControl.g.cs
C:\Users\me\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\me\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DevCamp\DevCamp\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
